Lisa,

Please consider and "ponder in your heart" what God has to say about "you":

First, He loves you very much. He is the author of love. He loves you so much that He sent His "only" son (Jesus Christ) to die for "you". His Word explains it a lot better than I can:


     "For God so loved the world [Lisa] that He gave His only begotten Son, that 
      whosoever [Lisa] believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." - John
      3:16


The word "perish" in the above verse is the 2nd death. This 2nd death is the literal "Hell." But, why do we need to "believe?" Why can't we just get to Heaven on our own? It's really pretty simple. None of us can get to Heaven by our own works. We have all sinned. Everyone, from the dawn of creation until now: ALL have sinned:


     "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:" - Romans 3:10

And:

     "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;" - Romans 3:23


So, what if a person just sins a little? Can that person get into Heaven?


     "For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty 
      of all." - James 2:10


It's pretty clear. We've all sinned. And because of those sins we're all guilty of all sins. Lisa, there's no difference between you, me, or any other person: ANY person. All of us roam this world doing what we think is best for us but in the end we all deserve an eternity separated from God in Hell. But God gave us an out, His Son. He loves us so much that He sent His sinless Son to die for us. And when I say "us" I mean "you." If you were the last person on this earth Christ would have died on the Cross for Lisa. When's the last time you heard of a parent giving their child to die for a stranger? We can't even fathom that kind of Love.

Second, I want you to consider this Bible story. The setting is a place, "Abraham's bosom", a holding area if you will, where those that accepted Christ were separated from those that didn't:


     19 “There was a certain rich man who was clothed in purple and fine linen and fared
      sumptuously every day. 20 But there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, full of 
      sores, who was laid at his gate, 21 desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from
      the rich man’s table. Moreover the dogs came and licked his sores. 22 So it was that
      the beggar died, and was carried by the angels to Abraham’s bosom. The rich man
      also died and was buried. 23 And being in torments in Hades [Hell], he lifted up his
      eyes and saw Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.

     24 “Then he cried and said, ‘Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus
      that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue; for I am tormented
      in this flame.’ 25 But Abraham said, ‘Son, remember that in your lifetime you received
      your good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things; but now he is comforted and you
      are tormented. 26 And besides all this, between us and you there is a great gulf
      fixed, so that those who want to pass from here to you cannot, nor can those from
      there pass to us.’

     27 “Then he said, ‘I beg you therefore, father, that you would send him to my father’s
      house, 28 for I have five brothers, that he may testify to them, lest they also come to
      this place of torment.’ 29 Abraham said to him, ‘They have Moses and the prophets;
      let them hear them.’ 30 And he said, ‘No, father Abraham; but if one goes to them
      from the dead, they will repent.’ 31 But he said to him, ‘If they do not hear Moses
      and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded though one rise from the dead.’” -
      Luke 16:19-31


 So, why did I include this snippet? Because I know how much you love your family. Lisa, you have it within you to change the direction/destiny of your entire family. If you accept Christ, your family will "probably" follow suit.

 The destination of the rich man mentioned above awaits all of those that don't believe on the "one that rose from the dead" - Jesus Christ, the Son of God. As hard as this is to do, I want you to spend a little time thinking about that. Insert "Lisa" in the above passage for "the rich man" where he begs Abraham to send a messenger to his family. And instead of "brothers" insert the names of your children and grand children. Really place yourself in that context: In Hell, Unable to talk to your family anymore but begging someone, anyone, to warn your family but no warning would come. Horrible thought.

Lisa, I care for you. It's not some sick, twisted or weird thing. I just don't want to get to Heaven to find that you're not there. 

Always,
Gregg

